all the tech news we're talking about
today has already happened but don't
worry our engineers are working on it
and one day we too will achieve negative
latency
that's right chillins stadia launched
yesterday for those who pre-ordered the
founders edition like us
or it was supposed to launch anyway a
lot of founders did not receive the
access code they needed to play on
november 19th google later clarified
that some may not get their codes until
the end of the day today for those who
have gotten access however it's been a
bit of a mixed bag we have had a decent
experience with latency here in the
office but if we're being honest we have
literal god-tier internet so
others though have complained about
significant graphics quality differences
versus the xbox one and ps4 pro
experience apparently google's 4k
resolution is simply 1080p upscaled to
4k
and when you compress that to stream at
60fps it turns out it it pretty much
looks like 1080p again the claw phone
mount for the stadia controller
apparently scratches the controller i
guess they never tested these things the
launch issues have prompted speculation
over how google will move forward with
stadia jason schreier's sources say that
the pre-orders for the service were
below google's expectations which is
scary considering google's track record
of killing underperforming services well
gamersnexus tried to beat them to the
punch by destroying their stadia
controller and
they found even that difficult
time to boot up the old
wii u
do you remember what the heck is that oh
it's the best but hey there's still some
good news in the gaming world if you
have a vr headset that is valve
confirmed the flagship full-length vr
game that they've been working on
is in fact a half-life game
called half-life 3s like it's half-life
alex whatever we're getting we're
getting the trailer on thursday which is
tomorrow at 10 a.m pacific time fans are
super excited as a whole but there's
also a contingent that is extremely
disappointed that the next major
half-life installment will require that
players have a vr headset
the game is also reportedly a prequel
taking place between half-life 1 and 2
so it's not technically half-life 3
confirmed either
but you gotta admit it's nice to see
valve making a full-length game once
again and not like yet another game mode
or pack of skins for dota 2. i can only
imagine how tyler from valve news
network feels right now
that guy must be stoked vindicated i was
right these guys know how to sell vr
headsets hey
and welcome to the future humans a
terminator had an accent so does this
futuristic robot doctors at the
university of maryland school of
medicine have placed a human into
suspended animation for the first time
it's happening the technique is
officially called emergency preservation
and resuscitation or epr and it involves
replacing a person's blood with ice
called saline solution which isn't that
just cryonics which rapidly cools their
body as low as 10 degrees celsius which
is still pretty balmy and springy if you
ask me normally cells die within five
minutes without oxygen but epr slows
cellular processes down to a crawl which
gives doctors up to two hours to operate
on a person with a fatal injury the
technique is being tested on patients
who arrive at the hospital with intense
injuries like a stab wound or gunshot or
something whose survival rates would
normally be less than five percent full
results of the trial will be available
sometime in 2020 but even then the
doctors don't expect this tech to show
up in
spaceships anytime soon one team member
said we're not trying to send people off
to saturn but he didn't say anything
about the moons of jupiter
ganymede titan that's the best one wait
titan saturn
io is saturn now it's time for the quick
brits brought to you by freshbooks the
cloud accounting solution freshbooks
mobile app allows you to work anywhere
so you can create professional looking
invoices on the go snap pictures of your
receipts and stay on top of important
conversations plus you'll never miss an
update with the ability to see when a
client has viewed their invoice or when
an invoice has become overdue and it's
time to break some news
don't do that but do start your 30-day
trial right about now at freshbooks.com
techlinked
you can check that out at the link below
the tech link below
quick bits
hardly lower here's your friendly
reminder to do a sanity check before you
click attention grabbing emails a number
of users have recently fallen victim to
ransomware disguised as a windows update
sent via
email microsoft does not update windows
via email links they update it with
annoying full screen prompts that stop
you from doing whatever you're in the
middle of doing
there's a difference a prolific
vulnerability in android camera apps was
discovered earlier this week that had
allowed attackers to record video audio
and images from affected users phones
the malware apparently easily bypassed
android's permission restrictions and
was able to track gps location
and i have one of those ah that's that's
bad google and samsung have fixed the
vulnerability but other android phones
may still be susceptible to attacks
any kind of attacks still vulnerable to
punching ah roundhouse kicks hyukens
other people running with scissors and
you just happen to get into the hallway
at the wrong time
get an iphone guys
if you've got an oculus quest
can i blame you time to plug it into
your pc because now it's not only a
mobile vr headset it's also a pc powered
one the beta for oculus link is out
although there are some specific
hardware requirements including a high
quality usb cable and the ability to not
care about the fact that you look like
an absolute dweeb
and you're using your
inside out tracking wireless headset now
with the cable but whatever
we do it for the frames huawei is
apparently trying to ease concerns about
the company's security by announcing a
bug bounty program which will pay even
more than similar programs from google
and samsung
that china money although i'm not sure
the concern with huawei is external
hacking but rather
internal
sharing
with the big pooh bear they're trying
their best and cryptocurrency monero
told its users that they should tread
lightly after hackers compromised the
official monero website leading some
crypto heads to download infected code
that stole their coins it's not clear
whether the vulnerabilities that led to
the hack have been fixed so in the
meantime just trade using wheat or fur
like a normal person would ya well our
tech news prediction algorithms have run
dry for today so come back on friday
when we're done buffering and then
it'll be smooth and latency free just
like on a consular pc i didn't even read
what you wrote i just thought you were
trying to connect it back to the well
now i can't say
all right
but in the next episode no one's gonna
know